# Jungian Dream Interpreter
https://a04-jung-ai.onrender.com/

## How Jungian ideas were embeded in the AI for analysis
> The main process for influencing the AI to give back responses that aligned with Carl Jung's psychological methodology and writing style was mainly through the editing of the system role that guides how the prompt gets interpreted. Tuning the AI involved searching up the core principles of Jungian psychology and the methodology/semiotics that Carl Jung would often use within his writings about the subconcious and dreams. Some parts of the original prompt structuring was retained to structure the AI to a semi whimsical but informative perspective on the dream that the user submits. Another thing that I added from the original framework code provided was the addition of the assistant role within the prompt generation section. The assistant was fed a direct quote from Carl Jung's The Red Book, which provides an exact example of the type of verbiage and grammar that Jung would commonly use in his writing.

## User Guide to the site
  1. When landing on the page the user is asked to provide and example of a dream that they have had
  2. Creating the prompt for the AI bot can be somewhat specific or completely wild
  3. After writing out the dream prompt the user can then submit it for the AI to analyze
  4. The prompt gets sent to GPT-4o mini and the prompt is interpted by the AI with the rulesets established above
  5. Once the response from the AI is complete it is then fed directly into DALL-E (not the original user prompt itself)
  6. Finally after processing both responses it is displayed on the HTML page

## Reflection on Challenges and Improvements
> One of the main challenges that I faced when working on this project was getting the proper implementation of the image generator up and running, partly due to human error in the syntax used for the Python and HTML files. Another challenge that I faced while working on the AI chatbot was the authencity of the response given back. AI tends to be good at walking but a hard time at running, in the terms of fine tuning a chatbot to accurately portray a specifc person it usually has a relatively rough time. It can somewhat get the idea of the topics and grammatical style that a person uses but the flair and personality of the AI usually defaults to a static and gutted version of the person it is meant to represent. Chatbots also have a tendency to present thoughts as if the person was speaking in a different perspective rather than actually talking as themself, making the conversation feel rigid or robotic. The way that I circumvented this was partly through the assistant role but surprisingly through the temperature, I had a preconcieved notion that raising the temperature of the AI would produce a result that deviated from the default rigid personality that AI usually has but in actuality lowering the temperature seemly brought the AI closer to Jung's writing style.
> Future improvements that could be made to the website would probably have to do with updated UI elements that give more personality rather than purely functionality. Sliders for changing the parameters of the AI would also be an interesting to allow users to see the direct influence of certain settings of AI. Additional AI functionality could also be added that would produce a soundscape that accompanies the generated images or possibly even a voice trained on Carl Jung that would speak the response back to the user.
